Grouphosting for the bot (#2)
Cooldude2606/fagc-discord-bot: README.md

FAGC Discord Bot
---

## Contents
- [FAGC Discord Bot](#fagc-discord-bot)
- [Contents](#contents)
- [Explanation](#explanation)
	- [Key terms](#key-terms)
	- [Data Types](#data-types)
- [Installation](#installation)

## Explanation

[⬆️ Head back up](#contents)

FAGC (Factorio Anti-Grief Community) is a community of people who try to work against griefers in Factorio.

### Key terms

[⬆️ Head back up](#contents)

> - Community: A community is a group of people that play Factorio together and use this API in a way to prevent griefers on their servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Community: A community is a group of people that play Factorio together and use this API in a way to prevent griefing on their servers
```

> - Rule: A single item that describes something that must be followed, rules are categorized by which aspect of gameplay/user interaction it governances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rule: A single item that describes something that must be followed; rules are categorized by which aspect of gameplay/user interaction it governs.
```

> - Report: A single instance of a single rule which has been broken (or held up). Can be revoked and then turn into a revocation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Report: A single instance of a single rule which has been broken (or upheld). Can be revoked and then turns into a revocation
```
The part about how reports can be revoked is unclear to me, what exactly does this transformation entail?

Author: When a report turns into a revocation, all original data is kept, however, it is no longer accessible in "Reports" but in "Revocations", where it is stored as a revoked report. It is not advised to take action for revoked reports.

> - Profile: A collection of reports. Profiles are only one per player per community (a community can have multiple profiles for different players and a player can have multiple Profiles in different communities)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Profile: A collection of reports. Profiles are specific to a single player at a single community
```

> - Revocation: When a community removes any profiles from a user. Revocations can never be turned back to reports

Reviewer: I think that the link between revocations and reports needs to be explained more clearly. Profiles can be revoked as well as reports?

Author: Yep. Revoking a profile means revoking all reports on a player that belong to your community

### Data Types

[⬆️ Head back up](#contents)

> This is a short description of the different data that you may encounter with this bot or it's ecosystem, it is however not a complete developer guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a short description of the different data that you may encounter with this bot or its ecosystem, it is however not a complete developer guide.
```

All `id` properties are generated automatically by the API and cannot be set by users.
- **Community**

>   - `id` - ID of the community. Used to fetch it only

Reviewer: Clarify "it". Personally I think that stating the purpose of a generic ID is unnecessary - when would you not use an ID for this

Reviewer: Same goes for revocation - interestingly `Rule` does not get this treatment

Author: `ID of the community. Only used to fetch the community`?

  - `name` - Name of the community. Does not need to be the same as the name of the community's guild server
  - `contact` - Discord UserID of the contact user for the community
  - `guildid` - Discord GuildID of the Discord guild for the community
- **Report**

>   - `id` - ID of the report. Can be used to fetch it and revoke it (only if the report has been created by your community)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `id` - ID of the report. Used to fetch and revoke reports created by your community
```

  - `playername` - Name of the player that is being reported
  - `adminId` - Discord UserID of the administrator that created this report
  - `proof` - Proof of the report
  - `description` - Description of the report

>   - `automated` - Whether the rule is automated or not

Reviewer: To me, it appears that all reports must be submitted by a human. I'm therefore struggling to see the purpose of the automated flag - does it mean that the trigger for the report may have not been witnessed by a human?
I think this needs clarification here

Author: I don't actually know, this is there for legacy purposes. Was there on the original API and didn't require any special treatment so I kept it in. @Cooldude2606, do you think that reports should even have the `automated` flag?

Reviewer 2: The `automated` flag was planned as a way to form a network of trust back when only banlist syncs were considered. When a player was banned it would be reported to FAGC. If another comuntiy then banned the player because they were reported on FAGC, they would also need to report the player as banned but use the automated tag. You could then filter communties based on a level of trust, ie allow only manaul bans or all bans. However, this was never discussed further, replaced in favour of rules, and is out of scope for this PR.

- **Profile**
  - `communityId` - The ID of the community that has created these reports. Is set automatically by the API
  - `playername` - The name of the player that these reports belong to
  - `reports[]` - The collection of reports that have been created
- **Revocation**
    - `id` - ID of the revocation. Can be used to fetch it only
    - `playername` - Name of the player who's report has been revoked
    - `adminId` - Discord UserID of the administrator that created this report
    - `proof` - Proof of the report
    - `description` - Description of the report
    - `automated` - Whether the rule is automated or not
    - `brokenRule` - The ID of the rule that has been broken
    - `communityId` - The ID of the community that has created this report. Is set automatically by the API
    - `violatedAt` - The time at which the report was created
    - `revokedAt` - The time at which the report has been revoked
    - `revokedBy` - The Discord UserID of who revoked the report
- **Rule**
  - `id` - The ID of the rule
  - `shortdesc` - A short description/tagline of the rule
  - `longdesc` - A long, verbose definition of the rule

## Installation

[⬆️ Head back up](#contents)

> Installation instructions are useful only in the case when you want to **self-host the whole ecosystem**, as the bot integrates with the database, to which you will not get access :P

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Installation instructions are useful only in the case when you want to **self-host the whole ecosystem**
```

Author: Understandable

> 1. Make sure that you have the API already set up. [See installation instructions here](https://github.com/oof2win2/fagc-backend#readme)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set up the API [See installation instructions here](https://github.com/oof2win2/fagc-backend#readme)
```

2. Install dependencies with `npm i`

> 3. Set up your `config.js` file according to [`config.example.js`](config.example.js). Make sure that the database connection string is the same as the connection string as for the API but has it's collection set to `bot` instead of `fagc` (So the API can access the data)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Set up your `config.js` file according to [`config.example.js`](config.example.js). Make sure that the database connection string is the same as for the API but with its collection set to `bot` instead of `fagc`
```
